Jacoco doc argLine with late property evaluation (#44056)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/tests-with-coverage.adoc

</plugin
----

> WARNING: if you need to configure the `argLine` property on the surefire plugin (e.g. setting memory parameters), you need to use https://maven.apache.org/surefire/maven-surefire-plugin/faq.html#late-property-evaluation[maven late property evaluation^], otherwise the jacoco agent will not be correctly added, and regular JUnit tests and Quarkus `ComponentTest` will not get covered. Example: `<argLine>@{argLine} -your -extra -arguments</argLine>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: If you need to configure the `argLine` property of the Surefire plugin (e.g. for setting memory parameters), you need to use https://maven.apache.org/surefire/maven-surefire-plugin/faq.html#late-property-evaluation[Maven late property evaluation^], otherwise the Jacoco agent will not be correctly added, and regular JUnit tests and Quarkus `ComponentTest` will not get covered. Example: `<argLine>@{argLine} -your -extra -arguments</argLine>`.
```
